I splurged when I was pregnant with my son on a cover up a few years back. It was big enough for my preggo belly but still hangs nicely on me post-baby. It has long bell sleeves and drapes down to mid-thigh, has a cute design and a plunging neckline. Wore it to the beach last weekend and got a smile and a \"hey\" from a surfer guy. Pick something you are comfortable and confident in, versatility is nice if you can find it too.
I am pushing the limits of consulting business casual with impunity. Bottom line I have \u201cI am from digital team, I get to be casual\u201d excuse to play but I am not leaving my coloured sneakers and striped shirts hanging when I see leopard print blouses and Balenciaga Triple S walking around
I'm trying to darken and saturate my overall look a bit, and I'm on a mission to find a tinted lip balm that's a deeper wine or berry color (I'd love to find both!). I like the Clinique black honey color, but the formula doesn't wear very long and is kind of drying. I've tried the Black Honey gloss at Sephora, but it separates pretty quickly and the formula is sticky as hell. I've got neutral/warm toned skin, Glossier G9 for reference, if it matters. Ideally looking for: * Consistency close to Glossier Balm Dot Com. I love that formula. * Not high-shine gloss, sticky or tacky. I want more of a natural, \"Of course my lips are obviously always this bitten, fresh blackberry color\" look. * Not horribly obvious when it fades. * Thick is fine, but not sticky or ultra-glossy. * Doesn't taste like an Avon product (i.e. no terrible chemical taste). Help me find a tinted lip balm, please? I'm trying to work a little more vividity into my otherwise natural, low maintenance look.
I just bought one from target. It goes down to my ankle and cinches at the waist. Its white with palm leaves \ud83e\udd37\ud83c\udffb\u200d\u2640\ufe0f
Just wow! That dress is stunning. Her whole shop is absolutely gorgeous!
There is a long sleeve rugby sweat made by Tommy Hilfinger shirt in the photo so their art is misleading
I\u2019m dead on that and wear an XS or S lmao, I feel like there\u2019s a stigma men have against wearing anything smaller than a medium, people just don\u2019t want to believe they wear a small for some reason
Believe me, I feel you when it comes to this cheesy stuff. But I\u2019m seeing a lot of similarities between us, and I\u2019ve tried some of those tips you mentioned myself. Thank you so much for the advice, and for sharing something so personal. Cheers mate!
Keep the Nike black shirt for the disco.
Hey all, I have a heart shaped face and I\u2019m wondering if browline glasses ( Ray ban clubmasters) would go well with that face?
Cargo pants are generally fine. They don\u2019t suffer the same drawbacks as cargo shorts because the weight of the pockets is more supported and the silhouette is better. However, don\u2019t go overfilling the cargo pockets
Goddamn you are salty. Careful, salt stains will make that Nike shirt unusable in no time
From Carhartt, those pants, hat and sweater in 8. Walk in a room in this and kill the room dead. Love!
Watch. Without it I feel my outfits lack something.
Okay so if you're wearing for comfort, why not? If you want to look trendy, elasticated cuff joggers, made by Adidas, have been out for a while.
This feeling is quite common, I'm the same too. I realized it a bit late as well. But honestly for insecure introverted guy, any boost of confidence helps. When you feel good with what you wear, with a bit of a smile that's alright a good first impression. After that just start greeting people by saying \"hi. How's things / how are you?\" if the conversation continues you just made an acquaintance. If not don't worry, jump to the next person. But the key is your first impression and fashion helps a lot. Hope this helps
That\u2019s the goal anyways! Do you mind telling me what you did to increase your self confidence? I really have no idea how to start, it\u2019s all just a vague resolution for now \ud83d\ude04