Botswana's Football Association (BFA) want an overseas coach to take charge of the national team coach. The BFA put out an advert on Wednesday as it looks to replace local coach David Bright, who was sacked last month. Applicants have until 30 March to apply but must hold a Confederation of African Football or UEFA Pro License, which rules out local coaches. As well as the Pro License qualification the BFA wants someone who has experience coaching in Europe.
Algeria midfielder Nabil Bentaleb has not yet been reinstated to the Schalke 04 first team, nine days after he was dropped for disciplinary reasons. The German club confirmed to BBC Sport: "There is no new information on this topic. His status hasn't changed." On 21 March Bentaleb posted on twitter an apparent explanation for his absence from Schalke's 1-0 loss to visiting Red Bull Leipzig on 16 March with a photo of him holding his twin babies."Best thing that could happen in my life that's the reason why I could not be watching the game at the stadium this weekend," he posted. "After 3 months spent with my wife at hospital they made me crazy and forget to send and SMS but thank god everybody is healthy. Let's get points now!"
Frenchman Julien Mette is using the international break to bring together a squad of Djibouti players for a first training camp in the local city if Al Sabieh. The 37-year-old took over as coach of Djibouti's senior national team a week ago. The job is a first for Mette at international level but has worked with clubs FC Tongo and AS Otoho in Congo Brazaville. He began his coaching career at just 20 with French club Bordeaux, where he coached several of the club's youth teams over the next 13 years.
Nigeria striker Ahmed Musa has stepped up to reward the country's under-23 side that beat Libya 4-0 in the second leg of their second round qualifier on Monday. Victor Osimhen scored a hat-trick and a late goal from David Okereke saw Nigeria overturn a 2-0 loss in the first leg and complete a 4-2 aggregate win. Musa had promised the team one million naira per goal and promptly handed over the equivalent of US$11,000 to the team. The win puts Nigeria into the final round of qualifying for November's Under-23 Africa Cup of Nations, which sees the top three teams progress to the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
DR Congo international Jean-Marc Makusu Mundele has signed for Moroccan club Renaissance Berkane on a three-year deal worth nearly half a million dollars. But the 29-year old striker will have to wait until next season to join the Moroccan from AS Vital club of DR Congo. Mundele netted five goals in all in the ongoing African Champions league, two in the qualifying stages and three in the group stage before his team AS Vital club exited the competition. He scored 11 goals in the 2018 Confederation Cup to help AS Vital club finished as runners-up as they lost to Raja Casablanca of Morocco in the final. Mundele previously played for Hungarian club Ujpest FC, MC Oran of Algeria and Egyptian side Wadi Degla. He has been capped eight times by DR Congo and played at the 2014 Africa Nations Championship (CHAN) finals and again two years later, when they won the title. 
The President of Tanzania John Magufuli has rewarded national team players with cash and land after their qualification for the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in 39 years. Magufuli thanked the team for their excellent performance as they beat Uganda 3-0 in a Group L tie on Sunday to seal qualification. "You have done Tanzania proud and you deserve to be rewarded," said the President. The squad of 25 players and seven coaching will each receive US$5,000 and a piece of land in the capital city Dodoma.
Lionel Messi has been ruled out of Argentina's friendly international with Morocco in Tanger on Tuesday because of injury. Messi suffered a groin problem in Argentina's 3-1 defeat to Venezuela in a friendly match in Madrid on Friday which marked his return to international football.
It was the first time Messi had played for his country since the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Midfielder Gonzalo Martinez will also miss the Morocco match with a thigh strain.
The duo are the latest players to pull out of the Argentine squad after Paris Saint-Germain's Angel Di Maria also withdrew through injury.
Juventus star Paolo Dybala is in the squad for the friendly encounter.
Morocco and Argentina have only met twice before. Both were friendly contests with Argentina winning 3-1 in 1994 and 1-0 ten years later.
South Africa will host Jamaica in Durban on 7 April as both sides prepare for the Women's World Cup finals in France. Both nations will be competing at the World Cup for the first time this year.
Coach Emmanuel Ndoumbe Bosso, who was kidnapped and released earlier this week, has been appointed as the new coach of Cameroonian champions Coton Sport. Bosso leaves Cameroon first division rivals Yong Sports Academy of Bamenda and joins on a one-year deal with the option to renew. He replaces Bertin Ebwelle Ndingue, who decided not to renew his contract with Coton Sport. 
Niger's former Ivory Coast coach François Zahoui has not included striker Moussa Maazou in his 24-man squad for their final Africa Cup of Nations qualifier at home to Egypt on Saturday. The 30-year-old former Monaco, Lens and CSKA Moscow player has been overlooked for the dead rubber group J match because he is currently without a club. Niger can no longer qualify for this year's finals in Egypt.
Moroccans miss the chance to see Argentine star winger Angel Di Maria when the Atlas Lions host Argentina in a friendly international on Tuesday. The 31-year old former Manchester United and Real Madrid player currently with Paris Saint-Germain is injured and has been ruled out the the match. Juventus star forward Paolo Dybala and five times Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi are both in the squad for their friendlies with both Morocco and Venezuala.
Tunisia coach Alan Giresse has called up two more home-based players ahead of their final Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against eSwatini at home on Friday and the friendly international with Algeria four days later. There is a first call up for CA Bizertin winger Houssem Habbassi and the other addition is midfielder Ghazi Ayadi of Club Africain. The duo are brought in as replacement for the three players Dylan Bron, Ilies Skhiri and Wahbi Khazri who have pulled out of the Carthage Eagles' 26-man squad. Tunisia have already booked a place in this year's finals in Egypt.